what's up YouTube i'm bringing you guys
a protein-packed peanut butter oats
pudding pro shake you know yeah what I'm
about to show you guys is a Sephora
serving size shake which would be 32
ounces total i use this shake monday
through friday but as in a to serving
size shake so it'd be 16 ounces what i'm
going to show you guys is for is a 32
ounce which four servings but i use this
for the weekend is just so I can um like
so I don't have to do it again the next
day I just saved to two servers for the
next day you understand so to begin with
what I use is iso 100 the hydrolyzed
gourmet vanilla I use four scoops which
is already total to like a hundred 100
grams protein then I use a cup of
old-fashioned oats I used the whole
packet of jell-o any flavor of your
choice i use pistachio or cheesecake but
cheesecake is 25 calories it was a
hundred per pack but the cheetah statues
I think it's like up to 120 per pack I
use to serve as a PB 2 which will be
four tablespoons then i use optional
optional ingredients these optional
ingredients are optional because you
don't need them if you want more taste
or a little bit of you know flavor to it
you can add something to tell ax + B
scoffs spread I use one table for this
one I did use it i use a tablespoon of
each and it hates bomb by the way
biscoff about it today and man crunchy
is amazing what you what you need to do
is then fill up your your your shaker
I'm sorry your blender to four cups of
course four cups water you can use milk
but I use water just to cut back on
calories the reason why use pudding is
because when you leave it in the
refrigerator it thickens up a little bit
so there's no need for me to use milk
you understand I use milk because it has
a thicker consider consistency but with
water with approach with the pudding and
the oats man is so perfect because the
oats don't go it doesn't just sink to
the bottom because of pudding think is
up thickens up the oats and the like the
peanut
butter and everything just stay in place
and it tastes amazing that's why I'm I
use P or putting in my arm my shakes
then that's everything in the blender
that's everything everything in the
blender and all you have to do is just
blend it and wham-o you have yourself
four servings of protein packed and now
here the macros macros without optional
ingredients then macros with optional
ingredients all right guys there you
have it try it out let me know how it
goes how it tastes and if you guys
enjoyed it enjoy your day pers want to
supersize for a quarter more